# Datacamp_Predicting_Industrial_Machine_Downtime

# Predicting Industrial Machine Downtime:
## 📖 Caso de estudio:
Trabaja para un fabricante de componentes metálicos de alta precisión utilizados en aplicaciones aeroespaciales, automotrices y de dispositivos médicos. Su empresa opera tres máquinas diferentes en su taller que producen componentes de diferentes tamaños, por lo que minimizar el tiempo de inactividad de estas máquinas es vital para cumplir con los plazos de producción.
Su equipo quiere utilizar un enfoque basado en datos para predecir el tiempo de inactividad de la máquina, por lo que es proactivo. El mantenimiento se puede planificar en lugar de reaccionar ante una falla de la máquina. Para respaldar esto, su empresa ha estado recopilando datos operativos durante más de un año y si cada máquina estaba inactiva en esos momentos.
En este tercer nivel, desarrollará un modelo predictivo que podría combinarse con datos en tiempo real. datos operativos para detectar posibles fallos de la máquina. Este nivel está dirigido a estudiantes avanzados.


## 💾 The data

La empresa ha almacenado los datos de funcionamiento de la máquina en una única tabla, disponible en `'data/machine_downtime.csv'`.

#### Cada fila de la tabla representa los datos operativos de una sola máquina en un día determinado:.
- `"Date"` - the date the reading was taken on.
- `"Machine_ID"` - the unique identifier of the machine being read.
- `"Assembly_Line_No"` - the unique identifier of the assembly line the machine is located on.
- `"Hydraulic_Pressure(bar)"`, `"Coolant_Pressure(bar)"`, and `"Air_System_Pressure(bar)"` - pressure measurements at different points in the machine.
- `"Coolant_Temperature"`, `"Hydraulic_Oil_Temperature"`, and `"Spindle_Bearing_Temperature"` - temperature measurements (in Celsius) at different points in the machine.
- `"Spindle_Vibration"`, `"Tool_Vibration"`, and `"Spindle_Speed(RPM)"` - vibration (measured in micrometers) and rotational speed measurements for the spindle and tool.
- `"Voltage(volts)"` - the voltage supplied to the machine.
- `"Torque(Nm)"` - the torque being generated by the machine.
- `"Cutting(KN)"` - the cutting force of the tool.
- `"Downtime"` - an indicator of whether the machine was down or not on the given day.

## 💪 Competition challenge

Create a report that covers the following:
1. Train and evaluate a predictive model to predict machine failure.
2. Which dataset features are the strongest predictors of machine failure?
3. Are your predictions more accurate if you model each machine separately?

## 🧑‍⚖️ Judging criteria

| CATEGORY | WEIGHTING | DETAILS                                                              |
|:---------|:----------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Recommendations** | 35%       | <ul><li>Clarity of recommendations - how clear and well presented the recommendation is.</li><li>Quality of recommendations - are appropriate analytical techniques used & are the conclusions valid?</li><li>Number of relevant insights found for the target audience.</li></ul>       |
| **Storytelling**  | 35%       | <ul><li>How well the data and insights are connected to the recommendation.</li><li>How the narrative and whole report connects together.</li><li>Balancing making the report in-depth enough but also concise.</li></ul> |
| **Visualizations** | 20% | <ul><li>Appropriateness of visualization used.</li><li>Clarity of insight from visualization.</li></ul> |
| **Votes** | 10% | <ul><li>Up voting - most upvoted entries get the most points.</li></ul> |

## ✅ Checklist before publishing into the competition
- Rename your workspace to make it descriptive of your work. N.B. you should leave the notebook name as notebook.ipynb.
- **Remove redundant cells** like the judging criteria, so the workbook is focused on your story.
- Make sure the workbook reads well and explains how you found your insights. 
- Try to include an **executive summary** of your recommendations at the beginning.
- Check that all the cells run without error
